>>>>[THEME MUSIC] And I think
many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well, welcome
back to Beyond Belief.
I'm George Noory.
Larry Dean Hunter, our
special investigative guest
as we talk about Egypt
and the pyramids.
And of course, this controversy
over just how old they are.
Many people say 5,000 years old.
Some people say 10,000.
They push it.
Larry Dean Hunter
says the pyramids
could be 125 million years old.
That's a big
difference, Mr. Hunter.
>>LARRY HUNTER: Sure is,
it's a paradigm shift.
>>NOORY: That difference,
and you may be right.
You may be right.
Because I think the
Egyptologists who've said
5,000 years or 10,000.
Robert Schoch was
able to say, hey,
look there was water there
at least 10,000 years ago.
You can see the erosion on
the Sphinx, for example.
But you take this way, way back.
What are some of the
examples of evidence
that lead you to
believe that they
could be 125 billion years old?
>>HUNTER: The fossils that are
found on the Giza Plateau, sea
shells, salt water-based, hard.
In the deserts, the
dolphin bones petrified.
Whalebones out in the western
deserts, 45 million years old.
This is all the ocean that
was on top of the ruins.
>>NOORY: They just-- now,
where did the water come from?
Just from the ocean?
Just kept coming up
higher and higher?
What happened?
What do you think happened
to the planet then?
I'll
>>HUNTER: Through
the research, I've
find that the best solution
to understand all of it
is to go back to Noah
and then follow if there
was such a person with a boat.
If it's found,
where is it located?
Then from that, use that as a
reference point and rebuild it
from there.
>>NOORY: The Bible says the Ark
of Noah rested on Mount Ararat.
>>HUNTER: Correct.
>>NOORY: When do you
think that occurred?
>>HUNTER: Well, I didn't
want to establish a time,
but with the
geological evidences
of the iridium, 65 million
years, the dinosaurs, all that
added together,
it to me added up
to a 65 million year
destruction point.
That everything globally
was submerged underwater.
>>NOORY: So Noah could have been
around 65 million years ago,
you're saying.
>>HUNTER: Correct.
>>NOORY: Big difference.
>>HUNTER: Big difference.
>>NOORY: Now, the evidence
of the sea shells you said,
the whale bones, how high up on
the Giza plaza did that all go?
I mean, is it all around there?
>>HUNTER: It's all the way
from Alexandria coming up.
Through the 1800s, people
will show seashells,
they say, wow, so many shells.
And then you get to
Giza, it's 200 feet
around the level
of the pyramids.
You find sea shells there.
But then Egypt's a wedge.
And I followed it all the
way up, Abydos, Luxor, and I
find the same thing
throughout the whole of Egypt.
>>NOORY: Are other
Egyptologists--
do they look at this too?
It's gotta be baffling for them.
>>HUNTER: Yes, there's a woman
[INAUDIBLE] French woman,
and then there's
another Egyptian that
are making the stories of seeing
the sea shells on the blocks
around the third pyramid.
And so there are
other researchers
pushing the envelope.
But a lot of them
mischaracterize these stones,
the little coins, by saying
that they're sea life.
And they're not.
They are manufactured.
That is part of the production
of making these things.
So it's in an area of
everyone is looking at it,
but their interpretations
are incorrect,
because they don't have the
timeline of an event that
considers the water, watches
it recede, history coming down.
And you'll see the
truth that way.
>>NOORY: Larry, there's
an ongoing controversy
over who built these things?
You talk to Zahi Hawass,
and Zahi will say,
these were made by
Egyptians 5,000 years ago.
Now, others say,
it's impossible.
That we don't even
have equipment today
that could lift the
tonnage of these blocks.
Somebody had some technology
a long, long time ago.
What was the technology and who
do you think made these things?
>>HUNTER: Well, the
technology to me
based on what I've
observed is cement.
But it's a very, very
sophisticated cement
or an aggregate by these coins
that are-- it's like earthquake
proof stone.
Where you can have
them and every one
of the megaliths
around the world
have the same kind of joints,
even the same patterns
of structure found in them.
So the knowledge is a
pre-history to anything
we know.
And we've been trying to
use modern interpretations
for something that we only
figured they could carve it.
We never suspected, at
least America 200 years
rediscovering cement, that they
could have poured them as well.
So if you look at
it from that level,
it isn't such a Herculean task.
It's just a form.
Mold, pour, boom.
And from the beginning,
you know blueprint,
and it works every time.
And the construction techniques.
So if you keep it to
that simple level,
you don't require huge cranes.
You don't require levitation.
And if you go for the
center of the pyramid
and you put it up in
cement and pour the water,
you can build it
layer by layer like we
do with a crane
from the center out.
And I don't see such amazing
oh, you need ETs to do this.
I don't.
I think that you just had to
have the knowledge of what
it was you were doing.
And full on fully understood
the universe, our motions,
and so that's why the
buildings are expressing
gravitational laws and the
technology of building it
is really-- that's
the easy part.
To me, the amazing part
is how they knew all this.
And that's where I-- Did
>>NOORY: Somebody teach
them that or what?
>>HUNTER: Yeah, well, because
the philosophy that comes
is that it's a
universal knowledge.
Any planet orbiting a sun,
you can take its orbital data
and reduce it down
and build a pyramid
and it will process sunlight.
That's what it's about.
>>NOORY: You have shown
me a picture of a stone
etching of what definitely does
not look like a human at all.
Where was that, and what is it?
>>HUNTER: Well, it's
a doorway, a keystone
to a door that sits over in this
area of the village of Nazlet
El-Samman.
All right?
Because I was doing a photo
essay of all the doors.
I mean they're incredible.
And they're all
made by these coins,
so I know they're
coincident to the pyramids.
Because nobody has built with
these stones modern times.
They only belong to the
period before the flood.
So when you see all those
things, you know they're old.
But then you see as you go
through this little man.
It's like, whoa,
where is this guy?
This guy's got boots on.
He's holding a flag.
And he's got a--
>>NOORY: He's got a funny
head or a helmet or something.
>>HUNTER: Yeah,
it's very unique.
And it just was so un-Egyptian
that I was fascinated by it.
I started watching this
door for maybe 10, 15 years.
And then eventually, they put
gypts and tore it down and then
I found it.
And I'm so lucky that I
still have him to this day.
But he is an
example of something
that isn't in the textbooks of
who is this man in the pyramids
and what does he have
to do with all of this?
That's a good question.
And those are the mysteries
did that the researcher has
fun with is when
you find something,
it just blows your
mind to comprehend
that aspect in amongst all
of the traditions of history.
>>NOORY: Clearly, he's
not human looking.
>>HUNTER: Well, he has two
feet and arms and a head,
so he's a human from that point.
But the dimensions of his height
and size, I would say he--
we'd call him the little ET man.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
So do you think people of this
planet witnessed these beings?
And of course, made
pictures of them
and depictions and
things like that?
>>HUNTER: They may have
been travelling interstellar
and planet to planet and
back and forth in that time.
Because we have UFOs and
this is a big subject.
But I think that we've had
that interaction a long time.
But right now, mankind's
is like in the Dark Ages
and they won't come back until
we can understand all of what
we're talking about now.
Then we're worthy to
reconnect and join
the human race in the universe.
>>NOORY: Let's talk
about the technology
that was possessed way gone back
that seems to be gone today.
It's just disappeared.
The knowledge is gone.
>>HUNTER: But the
structures are still there.
And by reverse engineering,
it's like an abandoned
or how did they
lose it scenario.
Well, by the water,
I can see that.
And the water
receding I can see.
And I can see the dilapidation
and the structures being
removed and history giving
their version of what
they thought it was.
But they are really
devoid of the science
that's necessary to really
understand that structure.
But now today, we are
very sophisticated.
We have satellites and we
can see all that today.
So we have the mentality
to understand it.
But the application now is
to take it and put it back
into to use again.
And that's to me the
Phoenix coming out
of the ashes of
this and re birthing
and really transforming
this planet away
from nuclear and fossil.
Because when I first met you,
it was survival of humanity.
And this technology really
is the answer for survival.
We can't keep going on the
way we're going with polluting
and poisoning the seas.
>>NOORY: No, I agree.
And it's also free technology.
>>HUNTER: And it's light.
>>NOORY: But that's the problem.
They don't want to give
us anything for free.
>>HUNTER: Well,
I can't go there.
>>NOORY: Now, looking at
this map for a moment,
let's bring in the flood.
Are the pyramids totally
covered, do you merely just see
the tips of the pyramids?
How high up is that water?
>>HUNTER: It depends--
first from flood, 6,501.
The bow of what's being
discovered or described
as the boat of Noah.
So I had to see.
And I was in Egypt
here in November.
And I was on the backside of the
Sphinx showing people the sea
shells on the temple itself.
And I was describing
that in the time
that this was here, the
water, not necessarily
this, because this is a
certain level, 150 feet.
But Noah would put 6,000 feet of
water directly over your head.
And I'm talking to
a woman like this.
Imagine a mile of
water over you.
Here in Denver, we
are about a mile high.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>HUNTER: We still need more
water for the boat of Noah.
This whole area was
underwater as well at the time
that boat is landing
on that spot.
So from there, it's a
matter of what did you see.
Well, you didn't
see that pyramid
until it got to 485 feet.
>>NOORY: So this was
way, way, under water.
>>HUNTER: And then you
would see it first.
You would see a little
bit when it's at 600 feet.
Then it would be 200 feet.
And then it goes on down.
And there in that time, 200,
the Nile Delta is underwater.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>HUNTER: But so you
would have different times
that you would see.
And imagine if you're
just seeing the tip,
how many millions of years?
If the whales are some
synonymous with 200 feet,
you've still got this much.
Who is 45 million years?
Who is seeing this?
So then you have
to go to Abydos,
and see the hills
that are 900 feet
to see the civilization
that's up here.
This is another fill that I've
gone into is moved to Abydos.
But that's what you would
have to-- in your timeline
of receding water, see it
merging, coming up, coming up,
and then civilization
encroaching back on
and introducing mud structures.
>>NOORY: Could
that happen again?
>>HUNTER: Well, yes and no.
I think the second
time where it says
that the Earth will
encounter something,
we're looking at
Planet X coming in.
We're looking at a strange time.
But I think it's a
lot of meteorites
that are going to come in
with this next wave that's
similar to the destruction
and Noah's is coming again.
>>NOORY: There seem to be
pyramids all over this planet.
Are they similar?
What you find in
Bosnia, what you find
in China, which you find in--
>>HUNTER: Look at Bosnia.
How much mud is on top of them?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Lots.
>>HUNTER: Exactly.
And they were buried.
But now, you've got
them rediscovering them
in Egypt now by satellites and
there's more and more and more.
Maybe 10% percent
of what's known.
90% we don't know yet.
Because it's still
under the sands of time.
Mud.
Sediment.
The geology of it all.
But you've got to break it from
6,000 years, Khufu, Khafre,
and this, to see
the bigger picture.
And that's what
I'm here to help--
>>NOORY: What can we
learn about the past?
About our future?
>>HUNTER: Well, the history
is in myth and ritual.
The giants of the Nephilim
and the carbon atmosphere
of the dragonflies,
huge wingspans.
We don't see them today, but
we see the little ones, which
is the genetic reproductions.
Man maybe was 20, 30 feet tall.
And now we're five
feet, six feet tall.
Because the carbon in the
atmosphere changes and maybe
we're in for a new one.
But I think the new
one is they call
it the cleansing of the
sanctuary, if you will.
All the civilizations today
will have to come down.
And this new one has to come up.
And it's based on this and
the knowledge of the universe
and free energy.
Life can be different
if we approach it
from this direction.
Really.
>>NOORY: Let me ask you some
about some of the material
that you brought for us.
Here is a structure
that's weird.
This is obviously made.
Poured.
>>HUNTER: That's the way I
interpret it, not carved.
>>NOORY: What do
you think this is?
There's a hole in here, too.
>>HUNTER: If you go
through the plateau,
you'll find statues that
have this in the hands.
You haven't been
there yet and I'd
love to take you and show
you these things personally.
But this piece here, it
was an artist. [INAUDIBLE].
He had it in his
collection of things.
And I always wanted it.
And I actually asked him for it
one time and he gave it to me.
But this is an example
of the poured device.
As they would pressurize it,
it would make the statues.
And it would make the walls.
Because you see it everywhere.
But this is my best
example of pouring
because you go from a molded
form right into a material.
Because if you turn
it around, there's
no carving on that rock.
And it is composed
of the aggregate
that you see here on this table.
But what you don't see is
the statute that it made
or what was behind.
This is just a piece of it.
So when you get
into these things,
they didn't carve all
those little hieroglyphs
flat on 90 degrees,
perfectly depth,
and not anybody make a mistake.
But if it's molded.
Like today, we
see freeways being
built where they put the pattern
being built and then take it
down, it's palm trees,
and you would think,
oh wow, the Americans,
look, they're carving it.
No.
You just have to look at
the old technology simply.
What's the simplest method?
Pour it.
And why can't we
understand that?
Why does it have to
require a Herculean--
I mean, the chiseled
pile of rubble
would be greater than
the pyramid itself.
>>NOORY: Do you think the
entire pyramid was poured?
>>HUNTER: Yes, I do.
Granite, basalt.
Everything up there.
We're pouring synthetic
granite today.
Why couldn't they?
And I know from my experience
in the paws of the Sphinx going
back in the stella.
If you go down where it's
been saturated a lot,
I've never seen granite crumble.
But that granite crumbles.
You can just touch it
and it just crumbles.
And granite doesn't do
that unless it's synthetic.
So that whole motif,
if you just take it
away from cutting and dragging
and carving into molding
and pouring, you'll
find you don't
need alien technology at all.
>>NOORY: You've talked
about light on the pyramids.
And that when the sun
hits it a certain angle,
you see different patterns.
What's the significance
of that and then give us
a little demonstration
on how that might work.
>>HUNTER: All
right, the work came
from David Davidson, a
British astronomer years
ago in the '20s.
And he basically showed
the pyramid reflections
throughout the seasons.
And he broke it down,
beautiful patterns.
But he didn't tell you if you go
out and you collect that light
and focus it back, you have
a power collection system.
So it was really-- the
technical part was-- he did.
And I just basically did
this and put mirrors here
and sent it there and says,
aha, this is really incredible.
So it was that process
that I wrote my patents.
By re mirroring the
pyramid, hitting the light,
seeing it ago, reflections back.
Flawless.
But now the patterns.
Summer, spring, and
autumn and winter.
And they repeat.
And so the rays would
come up and down
but as they move through
the day, they're constant.
>>NOORY: They must've been
awesome to see in those days.
>>HUNTER: Well,
light's invisible.
You can't see it.
The only time that
we can see it is
when there's dust
in the atmosphere
and then the beams
become visible.
Herodotus, I believe
the Greek, said
that you could see the light
from the pyramid in the skies.
Because of the dust.
But if you take that
dust away, you're
dealing with physics and theory.
So I just do raytraces, collect
it, and made a solar energy
collection system.
And I had no civilization that
I could say could do that.
So that's where I went
to find out who did it.
And that's what this
conversation is all about.
We did it, but the
destruction of the floods.
But we do know that in
the time before Noah,
we had an outside influence.
The keepers from the
regents came down.
That's [INAUDIBLE] alien.
That little man in
that doorway may
be those people that had sex
with the daughters of men that
created this genetic giant.
I don't know.
I'm just learning is
just like anybody.
I mean, I'm 65 and I've been
doing it since I've been 30
and I still don't
have all the answers.
>>NOORY: What drives you?
>>HUNTER: The truth.
Light.
Love.
>>NOORY: Let's do a
little demonstration
on this glass pyramid.
>>HUNTER: The basis of my
patent is to collect sunlight.
And this device, the Great
Pyramid, as it exists today,
is the best example of how
to do that in the world.
This is the summer sun.
You are the sunrise on summer
solstice because of your angle.
>>NOORY: I've been told that.
>>HUNTER: All right.
And I am the sunset
on that same day.
But what we do is we track
the sun off the pyramid
and when you come up
on summer solstice,
you will find this
pattern of light that
is every year on June 21, you
will have this same pattern
at 12 o'clock noon.
>>NOORY: And they would
see that there live.
>>HUNTER: Well, not
only see it, they
would be collecting this
light and returning it
back to the apex as the
power source of the city
of the ancient time.
>>NOORY: Solar energy?
>>HUNTER: Yes.
So now, as the sun would move on
over and set these beams, what
we would say is this is at 12
o'clock, then at one o'clock,
he's over here.
And then so we are moving
our mirrors in this fashion
to send the light here.
In the morning,
they're over here.
Noon, afternoon.
>>NOORY: It's like a clock.
>>HUNTER: It is the reverse
of the motion of the sun.
Angle of incidence is equal
to the angle of reflection.
This is the reason I went
through the patent process
was to document and
patent all of this
so that mankind could rediscover
and use this as the means
to power this planet.
>>NOORY: So this was
carefully thought out.
>>HUNTER: Nothingness
into something.
Whoever did this was
an incredible genius.
I've been impressed
by the knowledge
of this more than
anything that I could ever
have experienced in life.
>>NOORY: A long time ago, the
pyramids were smooth, too,
weren't they?
>>HUNTER: Yeah, what
we're seeing today
is all of the
limestone was removed
except on the north side.
You have the original--
>>NOORY: Some of it.
>>HUNTER: Some of them.
Now, imagine it
covered with that.
That's what gave you
the reflectiveness.
But today, because they
use it as a quarry,
you don't see that.
>>NOORY: It also had a
gold dome, didn't it?
>>HUNTER: No.
This is what they wanted
to put up at the top.
The best I can get out of
is Sir Maspero, in the '20s,
and a Peter Tompkins book
shows a truncated pyramid
with a ball on the top.
That to me is what
sits in the top.
Because the truncation
is 364 inches.
>>NOORY: Was it an energy ball?
>>HUNTER: I think that when
that light came back in,
they then bent them and sent
it down into the pyramid.
And then from there,
they used the energy.
Maybe through [INAUDIBLE]
and over to Heliopolis
and distributed around the
world using the obelisks that
are in that area.
That's my--
>>NOORY: Did Tesla know
any of this technology?
>>HUNTER: That was
an incredible man.
And I look at his work.
And I see-- I would say that
he was ahead of his times.
And yes, probably, he was aware.
But until you could put all of
this and merge Tesla with this,
it needs more research, sure.
More.
I'm just a simple person.
I figured this reverse
engineering and looked at light
and I've gone through all
these processes to understand.
But I'm sure there are smarter
people out there in physics
that if they got a hold
of this and took it,
that it would bring
it in much faster.
And I know that if you
look around the world,
they are using solar towers.
And this is what is-- today,
they're getting close.
Now, I introduce my
patents to them years ago.
And they took the control
logic of calculating positions
instead of using
the optical devices.
And they can collect
light flawlessly now.
But what they didn't take
was the pyramid, as large
as it is, is a concave mirror.
And just track the reflections.
You don't have that thousand
800 mirrors uniquely controlling
every little aspect.
You're just following
the field of reflections
off of this building.
So if you can imagine
the solar towers
that you'll see that I provided,
imagine a pyramid under that.
And that instead of those groups
of mirrors, you mobilize them.
Like say make them a stage and
then they ride in the field.
So you don't have 18,000 or
1,800 heliostats independently
sending that light to the point.
So the top of this
would be like the towers
that you see, 1,000
mirrors around it.
These are the pieces that
would be like your solar towers
today.
>>NOORY: Now, you
patented some of these.
What are you for?
To create an energy system?
>>HUNTER: To show you how to
collect sunlight flawlessly.
It's infallible.
>>NOORY: Better than our
solar panels of today?
>>HUNTER: Yes.
Way better.
Solar panels or
photovoltaic in some sense.
This takes me into Tesla, where
we may convert heat directly
into electricity instead
of going through steam.
But that's where--
>>NOORY: Is it the
shape that does that?
>>HUNTER: The shape is
defined by the mechanics
of the Earth and the sun.
That's all this is.
And it's so simple that
you're going to go,
how come we couldn't see this?
Well, it's there
in front of you.
They can't hide this.
And I suppress this
secret or that secret.
But this is just so big that
just reverse engineering,
do what I do.
Make mirrors, see the light.
And then motorized
mechanic as [INAUDIBLE]
and track that light and
you've got power, man.
I've seen them in Turkey
where they've just
got a little--
like a radio tower
and they put a collector
here and they've
got 10 mirrors or so.
And they're getting
five megawatts of power.
That's a lot of power.
>>NOORY: That's
free energy, though.
>>HUNTER: Free, yes.
And all they're doing is a
tower and mirrors and sun.
>>NOORY: Let's get into the
controversy of free energy.
How do they make
money on free energy?
>>HUNTER: Well, I don't think
money in that time was-- Not
>>NOORY: To them,
but what about today?
>>HUNTER: Well
that's why we've got
to have the collapse
of everything
that we know and
get humanity back
on track to-- we live 70 years.
These things will last 20,000,
30,000, 40,000, 50,000 years.
Our children will benefit
from this knowledge instead
of having to be a
slave to the system.
They may be going
out into the stars
and doing things that come
from a civilization building
without I own everything.
This is free.
This is from the universe.
Why should we pay for this?
It's our knowledge.
It's our inheritance
from the past, really.
That's what this is.
It's a gift from
the ancient times.
>>NOORY: Do you think
that's part of the message?
Assuming we're being visited
by extraterrestrials,
that this is part of a
message that they want us
to have this kind of knowledge?
>>HUNTER: I think until we can
demonstrate to them that we
are worthy, we have gotten
past the Stone Age of things
and that we are into the age of
understanding light and gravity
and motion and things,
they are now paring in
and we can remerge
with the universe.
I think this is what
humanity's destiny is about.
When we can demonstrate to them
that we are worthy of their-- I
mean, you think it's hard for
me to explain to you this.
If he came down I said
the Great Pyramid is this.
You'd have difficulty
understanding
what he's talking about.
But if it's already here and
we see and we can understand it
and he says you did it,
now we want to talk to you.
>>NOORY: Do you think
all the pyramids
that are on this planet
were once connected?
>>HUNTER: I do.
I do.
I truly do.
The blinking of an eye,
seven times around the planet
at the speed of light.
They had to keep it moving.
You don't just stop light.
It is continuously moving.
And then the electrical aspects
of it and electromagnetic
and all that other stuff.
We will rediscover-- and I think
that's what the Hall of Records
is about.
It will demonstrate
this and how it was used
and then the kinds of power
that can come from this
will be in those records.
>>NOORY: Those records, of
course, Edgar Casey saying they
were at the base of the Sphinx.
I suspect we've
already dug that up--
>>HUNTER: I can tell you
they haven't found it yet.
>>NOORY: You don't think
there's a chamber there?
>>HUNTER: They're there,
but they haven't got it yet.
They're trying desperately.
I've heard stories of explosions
all over the plateau--
>>NOORY: You don't think
they went there and did it
in the-- cloak of darkness.
>>HUNTER: No.
Because most of
them, they only know
what-- it's like the
grandfather's give
a little rumor, we know this.
And then today-- let's
say, I'm jumping here,
and I don't want to do this, the
Hall of Records is a place that
was predicted to have
the full on understanding
of everything--
>>NOORY: Of everything
on this planet.
>>HUNTER: Right.
And if they could get
that, they have control
about keeping that from you.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>HUNTER: But if it comes
out that when it is open
that all of this knowledge
is already rediscovered,
then what I'm doing is
confirmed in those records.
And I know from my stories that
people go to the Sphinx doctors
and they bring out
documents that are just
like my work and the
watchman of the Sphinx,
he tells me, Larry,
they're using your work.
And because they
have the drawings
of the sunlight reflecting
off the pyramid and like this.
And I'm going, oh really?
It's just little tidbits in
the back of the history of it.
>>NOORY: What
message, Larry, would
you like people to take away
watching this program today?
>>HUNTER: History is older.
The myths and things are
very, very, very old.
This can disturb the
sequence of the religions,
but the religions of the way
in which they're stepped in
are just really the stories
from the ancient time preserved
to now.
Those are good
stories, but we need
to get the full on
chronology of events.
Then we can see it,
we can understand it,
and then we can do it again.
So by this work, it's
like everybody behind me
won't have to go through
what I've gone through
to get to this level.
And it's like the
hundredth monkey,
if you can relate to that.
I'm the hundredth monkey
that I want everybody
now to see this knowledge.
And the patents are expired.
But I tell you for the
listener, get the patent
and build it yourself.
You'll infringe
on no one and you
will have all the power
you need from the sun.
>>NOORY: Great mysteries
of the universe, Larry.
Thanks for watching this
edition of Beyond Belief as we
try to dive deep
into the mysteries
of the pyramids of Giza.
[THEME MUSIC]